title: Women in Data Conference
activity_type: Formal / Educational
start_date: '2017-11-30'
end_date: '2017-11-30'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '5'
tags: ''
activity_description: The TopicsDiane BlackArtificial Intelligence – is this the future
  of analytics and the workforce?Artificial Intelligence is set to be a game changer
  for today’s businesses and workforce. With the rapid developments in machine learning,
  cognitive computing and robotics the next decade promises to see huge leaps forward.
  What are the potential applications of AI in the future and how do we deal with
  the fears that currently surround AI? How are organisations already making analytics
  and AI central to their strategy and what use cases are we already seeing in practise?Di
  helps dispel some of the myths and explain how AI is already having an impact and
  how advancements will enable us to work better, smarter and faster. We look at the
  opportunities and challenges associated with AI and analytics and how organisations
  can positively respond to the change that AI transformation brings, making analytics
  central to their businessPartnership panel sessionIs gender diversity profitable?Caroline
  MorrisConnecting Women in Data and Being HeardDo you ever feel lonely at work?  Have
  you noticed how much time you spend being really listened to?  Do you know who to
  turn to for help?I hear these and many more questions regularly in my role as a
  Leadership coach and it’s so refreshing to be in the coaching industry where supporting
  each other and being heard is a given.  However, it wasn’t always that way for me,
  I spent over eighteen years working in data and technology and often found myself
  feeling lonely and not sure where to get support.  In fact, over 50% of leaders
  say that they too often feel lonely.  I feel it is a real gift to make connections
  with people and so in my talk, I’ll be sharing the benefits of making connections,
  being heard and accepting help from each other.Sue UnermanThe Glass WallNever mind
  the glass ceiling. In the workplace today there’s a glass wall. Men and women can
  see each other clearly through the divide, but they don’t speak the same language
  or have the same expectations. And as a result, women and their careers are suffering.With
  more women than ever in the workforce, but still too few in the boardroom, now is
  the time to address the assumptions and miscommunication holding women back. My
  talk will explain why this is and give a sample of the strategies that women on
  the way up and managers need for any situation. Drawing on Unerman and Jacob’s own
  experience in mendominated businesses, as well as over a hundred interviews with
  both men and women, The Glass Wall provides clear, smart and easyto apply strategies
  for success. From unlocking ambition and developing resilience to nurturing creativity
  and getting noticed, these are the skills that everyone needs to learn to help break
  down that wall and create better workplaces for all.Yasmeen AhmadThe Human in the
  Loop – developing skills for the digital ageIn a future driven by Artificial Intelligence,
  is the human decision maker obsolete? Machines in almost all fields are outperforming
  human efforts. Algorithms that are monetizing data to become the billion dollar
  unicorns. Should businesses feel threatened by new algorithms? This presentation
  will exploreHow is the explosion of data, new trends in AI, Machine Learning and
  Deep Learning impacting organisations?How is automation driving new business models
  and maximising revenue streams?What are the technology, skills and cultural changes
  required to thrive in the digital age?How can businesses prepare for a future involving
  human machine partnerships?Elizabeth Denham & Fedelma GoodJoin Elizabeth and Fedelma
  for a conversation about GDPR and so much more……Hear about the paths their careers
  have taken that have led them to where they are today. Their shared passion for
  ensuring GDPR is seen as so much more than a regulatory change (and much more!).Håkan
  NybergHow to fight gender inequality in male dominated sectors
benefit_to_practice: 'This event introduced me to many role models in my field, and
  really boosted my confidence. I learnt some great techniques on how best to communicate
  and present myself in a business setting.One big theme of WiD2017 was taking control
  Athina Kaniouva said, “if you want a promotion, you have to ask for it, don’t wait
  for it.” Håkan Nyberg, CEO of Ikano Bank, said that women have a “golden opportunity”
  to help, promote and sponsor each other. There was also a indepth discussion into
  GDPR which increased my understanding of the upcoming legislature. '
benefit_to_users: 'Thanks to me better understanding on good GDPR practice, we can
  provide a service which meets users expectations around data protection. '
