title: STEM Ambassador Engineering Your Future x 2
activity_type: Other
start_date: '2018-11-16'
end_date: '2018-11-16'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '1'
tags: ''
activity_description: At Siemens and again a week later at MMU. Engineering Your Future
  Career Awareness Day. This is a joint engineering Institution activity in conjunction
  with Engineering UK, organised and funded by the Joint Institution Group (NW), with
  the aim of inspiring the next generation. The day aims to show the attending students
  a snapshot of the very broad range of exciting opportunities available in the engineering
  sector together with the many different routes to get there so that the students
  are better able to make an informed choice. The students will all be in the age
  range of 16 – 18 yrs. and studying STEM subjects at Greater Manchester schools and
  colleges, and we are expecting up to 100 in total, plus their teachers. I attended
  the career stall and engaged with students about the different pathways that engineering
  could take them.
benefit_to_practice: I learnt how to build a quick and simple object detection algorithm
  which was useful as we are intending to build or own bespoke object detection algorithm
  in 2019.I also practised my engagement skills, chatting with 16-year-olds about
  pursuing a career in engineering.
benefit_to_users: Being able to explain our work to non-technical users is important
  for engaging with clients. It's also important to show our users that we meet Corporate
  Social Responsible and give back to the future STEM students.
