title: UCREL Summer School in corpus-based NLP
activity_type: Formal / Educational
start_date: '2018-07-02'
end_date: '2018-07-05'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '16'
tags: ''
activity_description: The UCREL Summer School in corpus-based natural language processing
  (NLP) was a new stream added in 2016 to the highly successful series that began
  in 2011. Sponsored by UCREL at Lancaster University – one of the world's leading
  and longest-established centres for corpus-based research – its aim is to support
  students of computer science and computational linguistics in the development of
  advanced skills in corpus-based NLP methods. An additional aim is to foster interdisciplinary
  research and networking via joint sessions with other summer school streams.Who
  is the UCREL NLP Summer School for?The UCREL NLP Summer School is intended primarily
  for postgraduate computer science and informatics research students (and secondarily
  for Masters-level students, postdoctoral researchers, and others) who require in-depth
  knowledge of corpus-based NLP methodologies for their degree projects. Please note
  that this summer school assumes existing programming knowledge and skills. It is
  not aimed at raw beginners in coding.What topics does the UCREL NLP Summer School
  cover?The programme consists of a series of linked intensive two-hour sessions,
  some involving practical work, others more discussion-oriented. The instructors
  include external guest speakers, as well as speakers from Lancaster University.
  In the 2018 syllabus, the provisional session titles includeKalina Bontcheva (University
  of Sheffield) – Social media analysis with GATEAlistair Baron (Lancaster University)
  – Authorship analysis for online textScott Piao (Lancaster University) – Semantic
  tagging, multilinguality, development and applicationsAndrew Moore (Lancaster University)
  – Sentiment analysisMahmoud El–Haj (Lancaster University) – Text Classification
  using Machine LearningDaniel Kershaw (Lancaster University and Mendeley) – Large–scale
  data miningJohn Mariani and Paul Rayson (Lancaster University) – Poster/demo session
  for attendees to present their own work
benefit_to_practice: The tutorials were very informative and taught me how to implement
  a variety of NLP techniques in javascript. I have learnt new techniques in NLP and
  improved my competency in javascript coding.
benefit_to_users: A product that we develop is based on Natural Language Processing.
  The training that I received over the 4 days introduced me to new techniques that
  we can incorporate into our products.
