title: RSS Video Data Science and Statistics different worlds?
activity_type: Self-directed learning
start_date: '2017-07-21'
end_date: '2017-07-21'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '1'
tags: ''
activity_description: Chris Wiggins (Chief Data Scientist, New York Times)David Hand
  (Emeritus Professor of Mathematics, Imperial College)Francine Bennett (Founder,
  Mastodon-C)Patrick Wolfe (Professor of Statistics, UCL / Executive Director, UCL
  Big Data Institute)Zoubin Ghahramani (Professor of Machine Learning, University
  of Cambridge)Chair Martin Goodson (Vice-President Data Science, Skimlinks)Discussant
  John Pullinger (UK National Statistician)In the last few years, data science has
  become an increasingly popular discipline. Often linked to the use and analysis
  of ‘big data’, data scientists are seen as the new professionals who can unlock
  the potential of an increasingly data-rich world, and generate economic and social
  benefits from the data revolution.However within the world of statistics, the ‘big
  data’ and ‘data scientist’ developments are sometimes labelled as hypes, and ‘data
  science’ is seen as a rebranding of what should be statistics. One of the often
  heard criticisms of big data analytics is that there’s a lack of statistical rigour
  which can lead to the wrong decisions.As with any new discipline, there are questions
  about exactly what data science is. Has the relevance of statistics been diminished
  because of new types of data or technologies which need a radical new approach?
  Is data science about ‘getting the job done’, and statistics about the deeper scientific
  understanding? Are our universities offering students the right skill sets to meet
  the high demand for data scientists?https//www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1zMUjHOLr4
benefit_to_practice: I really enjoyed this discussion. Often, people ask me if I identify
  as a statistician or a data scientist, and what the difference is between the two.
  These talks helped to clarify my thoughts and provided interesting angles on the
  discussion. It got me thinking about the similarities and differences between the
  disciplines. It also encouraged me to reflect on the skills I have as someone who
  sits in the middle of statistics and data science.
benefit_to_users: The personal reflection helped me identify the strengths that I
  have due to my abilities in the intersection statistics and data science, and skills
  which may need development. Targetting these skills will ensure I provide a good
  service to users of my service.
