title: RLadies Lancaster Dplyr
activity_type: Professional activity
start_date: '2019-06-05'
end_date: '2019-06-05'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '1'
tags: ''
activity_description: This will a beginner friendly session where we will learn how
  to access and transform data. Even if you've never used R before, you'll be able
  to take part and do some coding.We'll be working through Chapter 5 of the R for
  Data Science book. This is available freely online at http//r4ds.had.co.nz . There
  will be a short presentation and then we'll work through some exercises together.If
  you're already familiar and comfortable with manipulating data in R, please still
  come along. It would be great to have some extra helpers, and we can also work through
  the latest TidyTuesday data set as a challenge.This will be an interactive session
  so please bring your laptop. Ideally this should have R and Rstudio installed. If
  you have trouble downloading these. You can use https//rstudio.cloud/. You will
  also need to tidyverse R package. You might want to install this before coming along
  to the session. You can do this by running install.packages(tidyverse) in R.
benefit_to_practice: As a professional female programmer, I believe it's important
  to give back to the community.By running these sessions, I have to design educational
  content at a suitable level. I also have to organise the sessions, and advertise
  them.RLadies is also a great place to connect with like minded professionals and
  discuss issues and finding in the R community. It's a great networking opportunity
  for me.I also learn lots each session, this could be a new R package that I haven't
  heard of, or simply a better way to explain a problem to an attendee.
benefit_to_users: By delivering workshops to the community and supporting new learners,
  my clients can see that1) Opensource development is important to me2) I'm a skilled
  educator3) I'm a supportive listenerIt might be important to clients that I support
  STEM education programmes for women.This also demonstrates to clients that I am
  a key member in the R North West community.
