title:
- Data Science Career Talk
- R Ladies Lancaster Dates and times with lubridate
activity_type:
- Work based learning
- Professional activity
start_date:
- '2019-11-06'
- '2019-11-06'
end_date:
- '2019-11-06'
- '2019-11-06'
activity_url:
- ''
- ''
learning_hours:
- '0'
- '1'
tags:
- ''
- ''
activity_description:
- Delivered a careers talk at Lancaster University
- This is a beginner friendly session. We'll be working through Chapter 16 of the
  R for Data Science book, which deals with manipulating dates and times. This is
  available freely online at http//r4ds.had.co.nz . There will be a short presentation
  and then we'll work through some exercises together.Afterwards, we will try these
  out on our own data. So please, if you can, bring along some of your own data. You
  could be working on this data at the moment, or it could be something you have used
  in the past. If you don't have any data, this would be a good learning opportunity
  to try and find some open source data from the internet.
benefit_to_practice:
- ASDF123
- As a professional female programmer, I believe it's important to give back to the
  community. By running these sessions, I have to design educational content at a
  suitable level. I also have to organise the sessions, and advertise them.  RLadies
  is also a great place to connect with like minded professionals and discuss issues
  and finding in the R community. It's a great networking opportunity for me.I also
  learn lots each session, this could be a new R package that I haven't heard of,
  or simply a better way to explain a problem to an attendee.
benefit_to_users:
- ASDF123
- By delivering workshops to the community and supporting new learners, my clients
  can see that1) Opensource development is important to me2) I'm a skilled educator3)
  I'm a supportive listenerIt might be important to clients that I support STEM education
  programmes for women.This also demonstrates to clients that I am a key member in
  the R North West community.
