title: DSI Invited Talk, Friday Morning Talk Series
activity_type: Professional activity
start_date: '2019-03-29'
end_date: '2019-03-29'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '0'
tags: ''
activity_description: Edmund Ryan, School of Mathematics, University of ManchesterPredicting
  the future repayment patterns of portfolios of nonperforming debt using advanced
  statistical modelling.Debt is a prominent and open concern in society and the wider
  economy.  Individuals who have defaulted on their debt expect to be treated fairly
  during the collection process.  Arrow Global is a debt purchaser and debt management
  company.  It purchases portfolios of nonperforming consumer debt in bulk from banks
  and other financial institutions at a reduced cost compared to their face value.  It
  then takes over the responsibility of collecting the debt.  What distinguishes Arrow
  from other debt management companies is its approach to treating customers fairly
  by taking into account the individual circumstances of each customer and then tailoring
  a payment plan which the customer can afford.  For example, customers are able to
  spread repayments over long periods of time, with many customers only paying £1
  per month.  Arrow Global is also the only UK based debt management company to have
  approval from the Financial Conduct Authority.For decision making purposes, Arrow
  Global uses a stochastic statistical model to simulate the payment behaviour of
  each of its 6 million customers for 7 years into the future.  Due to the stochastic
  nature of the model, it must be run numerous times to minimise the Monte Carlo error.  Currently,
  the computational resources allow it to be run only five times per account, which
  is insufficient.  In collaboration with the School of Mathematics at the University
  of Manchester, Arrow is investigating novel statistical methods for carrying out
  up to 100+ model runs per account but with the same computing resources.  In this
  talk I will present current results that implement these methods and I will describe
  other methods that we believe will improve the performance, accuracy and utility
  of the model.
benefit_to_practice: ASDF123
benefit_to_users: ASDF123
