title:
- Organiser of RLadies Lancaster
- RLadies Lancaster
activity_type:
- Professional activity
- Professional activity
start_date:
- '2019-05-01'
- '2019-05-01'
end_date:
- '2019-05-01'
- '2019-05-01'
activity_url:
- ''
- ''
learning_hours:
- '0'
- '1'
tags:
- ''
- ''
activity_description:
- I'm currently lead organiser of the RLadies Lancaster meetup.
- DetailsRLadies Lancaster is ready to announce our first event!Our launch event will
  include a number of talks about R, and there will also be plenty of time for networking
  over pizza! (Big thank you to H20.ai for sponsoring the pizza at our launch event).Schedule1800  1820
  Registration1820  1830 Introduction to RLadies and the local groups1830  1850 Nic
  Crane Ten Steps to Becoming a Tidyverse Contributor1850  1920 Pizza break/networking1920  1940
  Rhian Davies A day in the life with R. A whirlwind tour.1940  2000 Lucy Morgan The
  rocky road to building my first R package2000  2030 Networking/closeNic Crane (Elucidata)
  10 Steps to Becoming a Tidyverse ContributorIn 2018 I became a contributor to the
  tidyverse and realised that you don't have to be an R expert to get involved. In
  this talk, I will discuss why I was originally hesitant to contribute to open source,
  but how the R community made me realise my doubts were unfounded. I'll walk you
  through the stages of making a pull request to a tidyverse package and discuss my
  experiences of doing so. Whilst the focus of this talk is on contributing code,
  I conclude with the other valuable ways you can get involved, whether you've been
  using R for 2 weeks or 20 years. I'd love to make this talk interactive, so please
  bring any questions you have!Rhian Davies (Jumping Rivers) A day in the life with
  R.I've been using R for many years and at the moment it feels like I basically run
  my life in the medium of R. I'll give an whirlwind tour of a day in my life as an
  analyst and all the weird and wonderful ways R helps  and hinders.Lucy Morgan (Lancaster
  University) The rocky road to building my first R packageI heard that putting an
  R package together was simple once you had functions that worked. I must have heard
  wrong. In this talk I’ll discuss a few of the difficulties I had in starting to
  build my first R package (you can then avoid these). I’ll also add a few tips from
  the package building process and demonstrate building a very simple package in R.
benefit_to_practice:
- ASDF123
- As a professional female programmer, I believe it's important to give back to the
  community.By running these sessions, I have to design educational content at a suitable
  level. I also have to organise the sessions, and advertise them.RLadies is also
  a great place to connect with like minded professionals and discuss issues and finding
  in the R community. It's a great networking opportunity for me.I also learn lots
  each session, this could be a new R package that I haven't heard of, or simply a
  better way to explain a problem to an attendee.
benefit_to_users:
- ASDF123
- By delivering workshops to the community and supporting new learners, my clients
  can see that1) Opensource development is important to me2) I'm a skilled educator3)
  I'm a supportive listenerIt might be important to clients that I support STEM education
  programmes for women.This also demonstrates to clients that I am a key member in
  the R North West community.
