title:
- Florence Nightingale
- STOR-i Conference 2019
activity_type:
- Professional activity
- Professional activity
start_date:
- '2019-01-10'
- '2019-01-10'
end_date:
- '2019-01-10'
- '2019-01-10'
activity_url:
- ''
- ''
learning_hours:
- '1'
- '2'
tags:
- ''
- ''
activity_description:
- I am presented a talk to a group of school children on Randomness and Probabilities.
- Annual STOR-i conference held at Lancaster UniversityApproximately 100 attendees
  across academia and industry, mostly focused on cutting edge research in statistical
  and operations research. I attended a key-note and the poster session.
benefit_to_practice:
- Writing this talk made me think about the best way to explain complex concepts such
  as randomness to 16 year old girls. There were also a number of excellent talks
  which gave me inspirations for other styles of teaching I could try.
- Even though I am now in industry, I believe it is important to stay up-to-date with
  the statistics literature. By attending this conference, I am able to keep up to
  date with the latest developments in change point analysis, extreme value theory,
  multi-armed bandits and cluster analysis.
benefit_to_users:
- As a professional female mathematician I think it's important to demonstrate to
  young girls what sort of career paths are possible for them. I would hope that users
  of my service this see that as a worthwhile development, giving back to the STEM
  community. Also, being asked to present at this workshop is respected. Finally it
  demonstrates to my clients that I am able to convey complex statistical concepts
  in an understandable, digestible way.
- Users can be assured that I keep up-to-date with the latest developments in statistics,
  and am well-versed in a number of statistical areas.
