title:
- Brand Me Lancaster Career Mentoring Event
- R-Ladies Lancaster R Markdown
activity_type:
- Professional activity
- Professional activity
start_date:
- '2020-02-05'
- '2020-02-05'
end_date:
- '2020-02-05'
- '2020-02-05'
activity_url:
- ''
- ''
learning_hours:
- '0.5'
- '1'
tags:
- ''
- ''
activity_description:
- Presentation delivered by Nick Holmes,Sales Director at AMG Group LtdHe spoke about
  the importance of developing a personal brand and steps to create one.
- I co-lead the R-Ladies meet upRebecca Killick Why I love R MarkdownRhian Davies
  Stories from San Francisco.I assisted Rebecca with the workshop aspect of her talk,
  and then I presented my own talk on the RStudio conference.
benefit_to_practice:
- I'm trying to grow and improve my professional An important part of this is the
  brand I choose to portray. Nick encouraged me to think about my target audience,
  and what aspects make me stand out against the crowd. I believe that developing
  a strong personal brand will help me connect with potential clients.
- As a professional female programmer, I believe it's important to give back to the
  community. By running these sessions, I have to design educational content at a
  suitable level. I also have to organise the sessions, and advertise them.  R-Ladies
  is also a great place to connect with like minded professionals and discuss issues
  and finding in the R community. It's a great networking opportunity for me.I also
  learn lots each session, this could be a new R package that I haven't heard of,
  or simply a better way to explain a problem to an attendee.
benefit_to_users:
- Creating a strong personal brand forces me to define my skills, and act professionally.
  This will in turn provide a clearer, more professional service to my clients. Having
  a strong brand may also help my clients demonstrate to their stakeholders, the quality
  and calibre in my work.
- By delivering workshops to the community and supporting new learners, my clients
  can see that1) Open-source development is important to me2) I'm a skilled educator3)
  I'm a supportive listenerIt might be important to clients that I support STEM education
  programmes for women.This also demonstrates to clients that I am a key member in
  the R North West community.
