title: Her + Data MCR
activity_type: Professional activity
start_date: '2018-04-12'
end_date: '2018-04-12'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '1'
tags: ''
activity_description: The goal of the community is to bring together women who work
  with data or who would like work in data – to support one another, share experiences
  and knowledge, establish meaningful connections and talk data. The community sets
  out to connect and inspire amazing data women with diverse expertise and experience
  so they can learn from each other — whether it’s students just embarking on their
  careers or seasoned data leaders.At this event, we’ll hear talks from some amazing
  women on the topics of Artificial Intelligence, Neural Networks, Machine Learning.
  So come along, ask questions and meet other women who love data!Agenda• 1830 1900
  Networking with pizza & drinks• 1900 2000 Lightning talks from our women in data
  speakers and Q&A• 2000 2100 Networking & wrapupSpeakers• Silvia Maggi (https//twitter.com/simaggi1)
  is a Researcher at the University of Manchester. She has spent years tinkering in
  her lab crunching biological data to understand mechanisms that control behaviour
  and brain functions. She is particularly interested in studying network dynamics
  underlying learning and memory. She is also a hobbyist photographer but primarily,
  she is a computational neuroscientist trying to crack the magic code of the brain.•
  Rebecca Davey (https//twitter.com/suprahoopla) is a data scientist at traffic company
  INRIX. After starting out in physics and software development, she is now a spatial
  data expert and spends her time developing algorithms and applying machine learning
  to a range of interesting problems. She is happiest when playing with maps or building
  tools.• Clara Higuera Cabanes (https//twitter.com/clarahiguerac), Data Scientist
  at BBC. Clara has a background in computer science. After graduating she carried
  out her PhD in Bioinformatics and Artificial Intelligence in Spain. Her thesis was
  focused in the application of machine learning methods for the study of metabolism.
  After her PhD she became interested in Data Science in industry and attended a Data
  Science Bootcamp in New York. Afterwards she worked for a while in a start up on
  line newspaper in Spain. Now she works in BBC as a data scientist helping to better
  understand BBC audience with the help of data and ML. Always happy to share her
  experience in Data Science.• Magda Piatkowska (https//twitter.com/magdapiatkowska),
  Lead Data Scientist at BBC. Magda left academia as a systems engineer and computer
  scientist. She spent her fist years of a career in Dublin building data infrastructure
  in a Telco company. Then moved to gaming industry to join Silicon Valley’s Zynga.
  In the UK for last few years helping publishers and broadcasters build their data
  science capabilities. Started in Channel 4, then Telegraph and currently the BBC
  News focusing on ML driven newsroom transformation. Keen speaker and promoter of
  ethical and accessible ML in the industry. Member of a Data Science RSS committee.
benefit_to_practice: Reconnecting with Magda and Clara was great. Their talk about
  clustering, really got me thinking about using data to personalise services. Rebecca's
  talk was particularly relevant as it was in the transport industry. Silvia's talk
  drew some fascinating similarities between neural networks and the brain.
benefit_to_users: These talks gave me encouraged me to start working with neural networks,
  a new technique which we can incorporate in our work.
