title: Code for Lancaster
activity_type: Professional activity
start_date: '2018-10-30'
end_date: '2018-10-30'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '1'
tags: ''
activity_description: Code for Lancaster is a volunteer Civic Technology meetup.We
  were inspired by Code for Boston, and are made up of volunteer developers, designers,
  data geeks, citizen activists, and many others who look to use creative technology
  to solve civic and social problems.We're having our first meeting at The Borough
  in Lancaster on Tuesday 30 October from 5.30pm.5.30  6.30 Gather, networking6.30  6.45
  Quick overview of the work of Digital Lancashire6.45  7.15 Thomas SkarbekWazynski
  to introduce Code Brigades, Code for Boston... and what we hope to achieve with
  Code for Lancaster7.15  Discussion about what the Code Brigade / Code for Lancaster
  initiative, and plans for a hack on LancashireDigitalDay, November 27th7.45 – More
  networkingJoin us to discuss how we can hack Lancaster to make it a better place
  for everyone (and make plans for our first hackathon taking place 27 November on
  LancashireDigitalDay!)For example “How might we better enable locals to be aware
  of mental health support” we consider a good problem statement, but “Let’s build
  a phone app to show people where the bus stops are” we consider to be a poor problem
  statement. The reason for this is so that we do not approach a project with a bunch
  of assumptions. We want to research the issue and find the best way to solve that
  issue.  All projects must be opensource and freely available for their entire lifetime.
  We host all our project code on github, and if the project doesn’t involve code
  we will make it openly available in some other accessible way.  Projects of a political
  nature have to unbiased.Projects focused on opendata, political awareness and transparency
  are fair game, but projects to support a particular political viewpoint are not.
benefit_to_practice: Useful networking session, mixing with full stack developers
  as well as data scientists and statisticians.
benefit_to_users: A number of the topics came back to discussing the What services
  can we provide vs What services do the users actually want? These discussions made
  me rethink the services that we currently provide and encouraged me to focus on
  the customer.
