title:
- Rail Supplier Engagement Event
- RSS Stats Ambassador Stat of the Year
activity_type:
- Professional activity
- Work based learning
start_date:
- '2018-11-27'
- '2018-11-27'
end_date:
- '2018-11-27'
- '2018-12-02'
activity_url:
- ''
- ''
learning_hours:
- '2'
- '2'
tags:
- ''
- ''
activity_description:
- The Centre for Innovation in Rail at the University of Huddersfield offers a unique
  collaboration between worldclass rail academics and industry professionals to provide
  access to leadingedge research and development expertise. We are constantly working
  with a number of key industry partners such as Unipart Rail, whilst forming new
  relationships with innovative SMEs and other solutions providers to offerspecialist
  technology and business servicesproduct testing and developmentfunding opportunitiesroutes
  to market for new and developed conceptsWe would like to introduce SMEs to the benefits
  of working with the University and our industry partners; we are therefore holding
  a supplier engagement event, open to SMEs of all sizes and disciplines on the 27th
  November 2018, during which delegates can meet with colleagues from the University
  as well as Network Rail, Unipart Rail and the Rail Alliance. The event will provide
  an opportunity tolearn how you can work with the University to support your business
  needs;discover the opportunities offered by the rail sector locally, nationally
  and internationally;hear from Network Rail on their current challenges, R&D plans
  and what they are seeking to overcome in partnership with suppliers;Hear from and
  talk to Unipart Rail; understand how they can help get your product to market;learn
  of the ways in which you can receive support and guidance from the Rail Alliance;
- Assisted the RSS in checking their statistics for Stat of the Year 2018.
benefit_to_practice:
- Martin Little from the Rail Alliance gave a thorough introduction to the rail industry.
  He explained TOCS, ROCS and government agencies. He also gave 15 tips for getting
  started working in the rail industry. This overview really helped me understand
  how the many different rail companies interact.
- 'This activity allowed me to develop my factchecking skills, quickly looking for
  potential errors or pitfalls in the statistics presented.Due to time constraints,
  this also forced me to practise working efficient and develop my timekeeping skills. '
benefit_to_users:
- A detailed understanding of the interaction between companies is vital to ensuring
  that we are baeI also spoke to Rail Alliance about how we can get testing vouchers
  to test our products. By testing our products on a real train we can improve the
  quality.
- Having a keen eye for possible errors or biases in data is an important skill for
  ensuring that the analysis and statistics that you have developed are a fair representation
  of the data. It was great to practice ensuring that the answer provided actually
  answers the original question!  This is another vital service when providing consultancy
  for clients.
