title: RSS Lancashire Talk Davide Pigoli
activity_type: Professional activity
start_date: '2018-09-20'
end_date: '2018-09-20'
activity_url: ''
learning_hours: '0.5'
tags: ''
activity_description: The statistical analysis of acoustic phonetic data exploring
  differences between spoken Romance languagesExploring phonetic changes between languages
  is relevant to understand their history and geographical spread. While many studies
  have considered differences in textual form or in phonetic transcription, it is
  somewhat more difficult to analyse speech recordings in this manner, although this
  is usually the dominant mode of transmission of language changes. Here, we propose
  a novel approach to explore phonetic changes, using logspectrograms of speech recordings.
  After preprocessing the data to remove inherent individual differences, we identify
  time and frequency covariance functions as a feature of the language; in contrast,
  the mean depends mostly on the word that has been uttered. We use these means and
  covariances to postulate paths between languages, and we illustrate some preliminary
  results obtained when the model is applied to recordings of speakers of selected
  Romance languages. This is part of a joint work with P.Z. Hadjipantelis, J.S. Coleman
  and J.A.D. Aston.
benefit_to_practice: It was interesting to learn how it is possible to analyse acoustical
  data using Fourier analysis. In particular, separating word differences and language
  difference.
benefit_to_users: Expanding the types of data that we are able to analysis broadens
  the services that we are able to provide
